# Entropy-based-encoder-decoder-article
In industrial field, undetected failures in machines may lead to serious problems such as lower productivity of machinery. To overcome this issue, having an effective anomaly detection system can deeply improve the system availability and its reliability. However, the challenges of detecting anomalies in industrial applications, basically represented by time series data, are mainly the huge amount of data and the difference in information’s scales and characteristics. One main objective is to extract the useful ones in order to help making appropriate decisions. In this work, using the frame of sliding windows and considering the concept of drift phenomenon, a novel fully automated framework based on machine learning model named entropy-based encoder-decoder is proposed to detect anomalies in multivariate time series. Firstly, data are collected and cleaned based on a time window. Then, the encoder is introduced to reduce the number of features that will be transformed into signature matrix. Besides, the entropy of each matrix is calculated. Finally, and based on a threshold setting, the time windows that have an abnormal entropy will be decoded and reported to the technicians via automatic mails. This framework is assessed against two real industrial datasets. The obtained outcomes shows that Entropy based encoder-decoder leads to better results in terms of accuracy and precision compared to anomaly detection models suggested in previous works.
